Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Lost time is never found again.
Belief creates the actual fact.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.
Energy flows where attention goes.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The best revenge is massive success.
Be so good they can't ignore you."Don't count the days, make the days count.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Light tomorrow with today.
Identity is a prison you can never escape, but the way to redeem your past is not to run from it, but to try to understand it and use it as a foundation to grow.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Hardships often prepare an ordinary person for an extraordinary destiny.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears.
Don't wait for the right opportunity: create it.
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
Your mindset determines your direction.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Knowledge is power.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Be the reason someone smiles today.